girls go here our sad guys
in this video I will prove that everyone
can draw a little fashion for those who
do not know what a disgust is too
used in fashion design then by
your effort to do yourself
will know you will learn easy easy
I do not know how to draw water.
do not draw because so if you
train if you can saw the first
something that we are going to do the child
a straight line of nine-part media
equal and then total will give 10 up
in the first part will be the head
in the third twig it will be where it goes
being the bust in the room so the
waist
The site enters so will have the knee in the
9ยบ the ankle just after the feet and me
sorry for the parents or roses that the
dislike but this is one thing that
really have to train a lot rukh
khan
Anyway, in the way of the waist we go
to do the elbow and in the following
pulse
just after the hands another thing that also
You have to train a lot of honor now to
draw something on top of our model
following the legal is to place a paper
up and draw on what you want
to draw
drawn right after that
I love you, you can color the way you do.
I want to, I'd like to tell you what it is.
smoother together is through therapeutic to
you know and grandma
so that's it girls I hope they have
liked the video is a little thing has a
stand that sometimes I can see the
drawings
so you can comment there or as
is here of the suggestions of new members
to do then this is a kiss not
here's no I love and I wiggled you รฃ is the